Update qBittorrent documentation - add get_torrents and get_all_torrents services (#32384)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/qbittorrent.markdown

- `sensor.qbittorrent_active_torrents`: The current active torrents in qBittorrent.
- `sensor.qbittorrent_inactive_torrents`: The current inactive torrents in qBittorrent.
- `sensor.qbittorrent_paused_torrents`: The current paused torrents in qBittorrent.

## Services

### Service `qbittorrent.get_torrents`

This service populates [Response Data](/docs/scripts/service-calls#use-templates-to-handle-response-data)
with a dictionary of torrents based on the provided filter.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                    | Example                                             |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `device`               | no       | The device you'd like to check the torrents of | all, active, inactive, paused, downloading, seeding |
| `torrent_filter`       | no       | The type of torrents you want in the response  | all, active, inactive, paused, downloading, seeding |

```yaml
service: qbittorrent.get_torrents
data:
  filter: "all"
response_variable: torrents
```

> The response data contains the field `torrents` which contains a dictionary of torrents. The name of the torrents are the keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response data contains the field `torrents` which contains a dictionary of torrents. The names of the torrents are the keys.
```

### Service `qbittorrent.get_all_torrents`

This service populates [Response Data](/docs/scripts/service-calls#use-templates-to-handle-response-data)
with a dictionary of torrents based on the provided filter.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                   | Example                                             |
| ---------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `torrent_filter`       | no       | The type of torrents you want in the response | all, active, inactive, paused, downloading, seeding |

```yaml
service: qbittorrent.get_all_torrents
data:
  filter: "all"
response_variable: all_torrents
```

> The response data contains the field `all_torrents` which contains a dictionary of integrations, which each contain an dictionary of torrents. The name of the torrents are the keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response data contains the field `all_torrents`, which contains a dictionary of integrations, which each contains a dictionary of torrents. The names of the torrents are the keys.
```
